# geoBoundaries

https://www.geoboundaries.org

The world's largest open, free and research-ready database of political
administrative boundaries.

Built by the community and William & Mary geoLab, the geoBoundaries Global
Database of Political Administrative Boundaries Database is an online, open
license resource of boundaries (i.e., state, county) for every country in the
world. We currently track approximately 1 million boundaries within over 200
entities, including all 195 UN member states. All boundaries are available to
view or download in common file formats, including shapefiles; the only
requirement for use is acknowledgement.

For academic papers that use geoBoundaries in analysis, we ask that you cite
our PLoS One Publication. We recommend the below citations, but feel free to
adapt to your own citation style.

Short form citation:

Runfola, D. et al. (2020) geoBoundaries: A global database of political
administrative boundaries. PLoS ONE 15(4): e0231866.
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0231866

Long form citation:

Runfola, Daniel, Community Contributors, and [v4.0: Lindsey Rogers, Joshua
Habib, Sidonie Horn, Sean Murphy, Dorian Miller, Hadley Day, Lydia Troup,
Dominic Fornatora, Natalie Spage, Kristina Pupkiewicz, Michael Roth, Carolina
Rivera, Charlie Altman, Isabel Schruer, Tara McLaughlin, Russ Biddle, Renee
Ritchey, Emily Topness, James Turner, Sam Updike, Helena Buckman, Neel Simpson,
Jason Lin], [v2.0: Austin Anderson, Heather Baier, Matt Crittenden, Elizabeth
Dowker, Sydney Fuhrig, Seth Goodman, Grace Grimsley, Rachel Layko, Graham
Melville, Maddy Mulder, Rachel Oberman, Joshua Panganiban, Andrew Peck, Leigh
Seitz, Sylvia Shea, Hannah Slevin, Rebecca Yougerman, Lauren Hobbs].
"geoBoundaries: A global database of political administrative boundaries." Plos
one 15, no. 4 (2020): e0231866.
